Release r1.2 (Fall'25 M4) (#33)
camaraproject/KnowYourCustomerMatch: README.md

* Note: Please be aware that the project will have updates to the main branch. There are no compatibility guarantees associated with code in any branch, including main, until a new release is created. For example, changes may be reverted before a release is created. For best results, use the latest available release.

> * **NEW:  The latest public release of CAMARA KYC Match is [r1.2](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomerMatch/tree/r1.2)**. The Release Tag is [r1.2](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomerMatch/releases/tag/r1.2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **NEW**:  The latest public release of CAMARA KYC Match is [r1.2](https://github.com/camaraproject/KnowYourCustomerMatch/releases/tag/r1.2), with the following API version:

* kyc-match v0.4.0
```
